Support custom robots.txt (#5086)
rtfd/readthedocs.org: docs/faq.rst

----------------------------------------------

We deploy readthedocs.org from the `rel` branch in our GitHub repository. You can see the latest commits that have been deployed by looking on GitHub: https://github.com/rtfd/readthedocs.org/commits/rel

> How can I avoid bot crawlers to show a deprecated version of my docs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can I avoid search results having a deprecated version of my docs?
```
